Adding examples for Javascript's geospatial types (#241)
neo4j/driver-documentation: jsManual/asciidoc/cypher-workflow.adoc

include::{javascript-examples}/examples.test.js[tags=temporal-types-duration]
----

[[js-driver-geospatial-types]]
=== Geospatial Types

This section lists some basic usage of the geospatial types provided by the Javascript Driver.

[[js-driver-geospatial-types-cartesian]]
==== `Point`

> Represents 2 or 3 dimensional point in Cartesian space or in the WGS84 space. The field `srid` indicates the type of the coordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents 2 or 3 dimensional point in Cartesian space or in the WGS84 space. 
The field `SRID` indicates the type of the coordinate.
```

> The following table defines the list of possibles values for `srid` and its meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the possible values for `SRID`:
```
